The choice of college that you make is a really important decision in
your life. Some people choose not to go to college and they have really
great careers after that. Some people choose to go to a local community
college, I went to a community college, a public university,
University of California at Berkeley, and a private university USC,
University of Southern California, and I have to say, at all of three
places the education is very very similar. So the difference was
at community college, they really focused on my individual learning.
At UC Berkeley they really focus on research, and at USC it's just
like UC Berkeley, however the class size is a lot smaller. So the best
advice that I received was, "go to a place that there are people
like you," and it really worked out well for me. I've gotten to enjoy
all the experiences, some place are big, some places are small. So
please go to the university check out the size, check out the feeling,
get the atmosphere and wherever you feel happy, that's where you
do the best, because your homework will see the difference and the
friends that you make, your lifelong comrades you see them as well.
So go to the place that makes you happy.